# WordWebNav

WordWebNav is an app that converts a Microsoft-Word document to an HTML web-page, with these features:
1) A Navigation pane, with links to the document's headings
1) A header-bar, e.g., for breadcrumbs
1) A center document-frame, with adjustable width, and support for user-comments at the bottom
1) Fixes for common bugs in Word's HTML, such as: 
   * Word-HTML's paragraphs span the browser's width, which makes the paragraphs very difficult to read.
   * Word-HTML's multi-level bulleted-lists are grossly misaligned, as well as numbered-lists.

## Screen-shots
\>>> insert screen-shot showing features 1-3

\>>> insert screen-shots showing bug fixes

## Overview
I built WordWebNav to share Word documents on my personal web-site.  Word is a powerful tool for recording technical info.  Word can save a document in HTML format, but I found that for the web-page to be useful, additional features were needed, as well as fixes for common bugs in Word's HTML.

For example, in my Word documents, I almost always use headings.  I find that Word's Navigation Pane is essential, as it shows the document outline clearly, and it provides hyperlinks to the headings.  So, WordWebNav provides this feature.

In building my web-site, I evaluated alternative solutions, but they had problems and limitations.  Most blog software can import Word documents (e.g., WordPress), but formatting problems are not uncommon.  Static web-site generators (e.g., Niklas) tend to be very complicated, don't do everything I want, and are difficult to customize.  

Using WordWebNav, a personal web-site can easily be created, from Word documents.  The web-pages' user-interface is simple, and it provides the features most users need.  And, of course, web-pages generated by WordWebNav can be used on any web-site, not just a personal web-site.

To use WordWebNav for a Word document, just save the document in Word HTML-format.  Then, run the WordWebNav program to generate the enhanced web-page.  That web-page can be uploaded to your web-server.  

## Topics
- [Installation](installation.html)
- [Use](use.html)
- [Design and code](design-and-code.html)